# 0.5.0 Change Log

## The Slumbering Sands
- Unlocked the Slumbering Sands. The first level is available for play.
- Level cap raised to 14.
- Unlock new skill slots at levels 6 and 12.

## Guilds
- If you are in a Guild, you will now see a level 1 Guild Hall instead of the normal Party Camp environment.

## Cosmetic Items
- New Wardrobe feature. Buy cosmetic items with Guildium from Bretti's store and equip them via the Wardrobe when you inspect your Adventurers.
- Added 12 new hairstyles to the game.

## Music and SFX
- Music now pauses for a minute between loops.
- Blizzard Bluffs now has its own music theme.
- Tutorial and training levels don't play music.
- Main theme now begins at the login screen.
- Adventure themes now begin at combat.
- Added a ton of ambient tracks and effects throughout the entire game.

## User Interface
- Android devices will now print debug output related to three-finger swipers to open the admin console.
- iOS Devices might ask for permission to enable push notifications, but they aren't implemented yet.
- Added an announcements panel that shows social media links and patch notes. Accessible from the login screen or the party camp.
- Buttons now bounce outwards to avoid issues where the inward bounce would cause taps to miss on release.
- You can now see the range of damage a skill will deal under the hit chance.
- You can now see what level items are when equipping them.
- All UI modals now get closed if a disconnection is identified.
- There's a new icon for the Training Grounds on the world map.
- Some modals will now hide behind the blind if they rely on a higher stacked child modal.

## Bug Fixes and Improvements
- Adjusted some import settings for some of the armor sprites so they fit the body more appropriately. Older equipment sprites will render with greater resolution and fidelity now.
- Fixed a lot of export rendering errors from Illustrator that was causing white spots or lines on some of the older sprites.
- Fixed a bug that would reset user progression after completing The Cold Climb.
- The world map has a new desaturated and extended texture, and now has a scrollbar.
- Improved the design of the social panel so that it's a little bit more clear.
- Fixed a bug where some environments would pan on drag even if the drag was blocked by higher UI elements.
- Fixed an exploit where you could use the movement ghost to reveal unexplored props and entities.
- Changed the animation that plays between turns if no enemies are activated to speed up the reset. Now shows randomized messages about what the monsters do in their spare time.
- Items now have a procedurally calculated gold value, which is displayed on the sell button.
- If there's an error loading a board, the game will prevent you from entering the Adventure and print the issue message to the console instead of sticking you in a broken board.
